Add particle blend mode "clip" (2nd try) (#15444)
minetest/minetest: doc/lua_api.md

    -- (default) blends transparent pixels with those they are drawn atop
    -- according to the alpha channel of the source texture. useful for
    -- e.g. material objects like rocks, dirt, smoke, or node chunks

>     blend = "clip",
>     -- pixels are either fully opaque or fully transparent,
>     -- depending on whether alpha is greater than or less than 50%
>     -- (similar to `use_texture_alpha = "clip"` for nodes).
>     -- this fixes rendering bugs (invisibility) that occur when particles
>     -- interact with translucent nodes
>     -- (see https://github.com/minetest/minetest/issues/3761).
>     -- in the future, it may be useful for better performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -- note: there will be rendering bugs when particles interact with
    -- transculent nodes. particles are also not transparency-sorted
    -- relative to each other.
    blend = "clip",
    -- pixels are either fully opaque or fully transparent,
    -- depending on whether alpha is greater than or less than 50%
    -- (just like `use_texture_alpha = "clip"` for nodes).
    -- you should prefer this if you don't need semi-transparency, as it's faster.
```
